1.Trick about de Enchancement (not sure works de best way going for it now)(KInda insta double)+)Pressing together to make 34 out of de 26 1 by 1 prepared works 100% times i mean mechanically
2.Some skills need space mb not sure HOW long
3.(Programming) What do make de powerfull site setup?(Kinda math do love it)+)Power blocks like de math codes 
4.(Programming) Why is it a cool pressure to pgogramm front-end? (SkillSSSSSSSSS up)+)Brain work dan de visual work - kinda cool
5.(Programming) Realistic CODING daily economical input measure,.(Complex algorithms) added where?)+)On top of de cycles few like de idk +1 +2 clicks small difference
6.(Programming)Possible thinking about de mix of what? (While doing job math might be even harder realistick on de success)+)Possible more realistic changes might happen faster or system change to de Russian one fast and back after de success later on idk
7.(Programming)What seems working?(Different Variety)+) We do try different variety of de patterns to find de one we do need!!! (Like 2 standart clicks not working go try 1 time no clicks, 1 time +26, 1 time 1 time double +26)
8.(Programming)What else about de programming of de money did we notice?(KINDA separation of de concerns)+)EVERYTHING IS VERY DIFFERENT each step might be let's check check more more xD
9.(Programming)What MODEL IS IT POSSIBLE TO CREATE MATH here AND JOB?(KINDA SAME TIME)+)Always parallel thinking and kinda epic math possibly reading kinda cool cuz money up too!
10.(PROGRAMMING)IDEA ABOUT DE special gear(KINDA gear long inside where?)+)LONGER SAVING GEAR is kinda going up got some boost idk (try to use it MAKE 1 and go for another HMMM) Double possibly may be key of vids somewhere here of de videos where it went up faster
11.(PROGRAMMING)Have you seen some genius golden sign while doing de enhancement? WHAT ABOUT?)+)About de math logic something gold

Day2(i guess)
12.(PROBLEM)Coupon site got what around it(Trouble internet)?)+)A lot of de vids ADDS!!!!
13.(JOB)When triple coming it is a bit easier, 120, 110 than go lower thingys explain mechanics a bit?)+) 120 110 100 90 (Kinda lowering)
14.(JOB)We did quadra go from de lowest )+) Don't go Akum!!! Before 3 UP at least!!! May be go for 4!
15.(JOB)What is de new cool start about de 2 boots?)+) (May be 3 later) (Not touching one kinda works WELL it seems May be rando,)
16.(JOB)What to do today? Kinda very new (not)+) New character ofcourse

Day5(After de day of prays).
17.Main things about de Bartelli (Kinda de only huge left)+) De biggest are de Mediah knowledge, MAY START IT NOW YES LET'S GO
18.Where do mixes might work well about de ticks of 20+, 2s MM?)+) Making de 90 scrolls to make easy tris
19.Always do what before de last click to 19?)+) 2 of the 2
20.3rd one making GONNA HELP TOO Argon to 16

Day6(About de 19)
20.After de double execution it went to de good rate on dat lvl lower lvls different cool strat of de changer!
21.We do do de active lots of scrolls use active to save time if we do need mm probably okey cuz of too much! (First play around de 0 amount of dem)

Day7
Timing of de 2nd 3rd item in de inventory to lay down 5+ mins

Day8
Valks of DE PURPLE THINGYS HMMM (+1 +2 +3 VLKS BETTER than point below for now with de right strat)
HeadLiner item only VALKS + 10 (when nothing is UP) if got it! Nice ice-cream should be!
20 may give good 19 boost if do it right not sure!!! hm lets see
Lower hours making de scroll 70 is cheaper so profit is waht?)+) Okey!

Day10
NECK is DE KEY!!! health now after de legs up!
About de random clicks around sometimes what happens?)+)Sometimes some hard intuitive clicks do work better than in de old Ru vers why? may be new team i don't know
<Kinda math ranges> Might be very important to use ranges if too much picks not work 1 pick may work for example!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Day11
Might be very straight random through de akum waiting tries de best mightbe
