Day11.(De best of de God day)
()+)houghts stop external cycle
()+)Care starting week after de God's day
()+)Practical hours priority
()+)Eyes grouping warm staff
()+)Special angel of study eyes to de object (VERY FAST CONNECTION)

1:40 next part

Day12.(Day after de first day7)
(xIdea)Not only making practical hours what might be possible like de hand keyboard position(Robotics hello)?)+) About de static working position all de muscles placement like de robot
(xWebSiteDevelopment)How are we gonna make our first server? (Kinda handy staff)+)
(xWebSiteDevelopment)Eyes what to do what to make? GOLDEN GOLDEN GOLDEN GOLDEN how to check right or not too (Biggest NOPE)+) Biggest not comfort equals great! If you are gonna check it right (SIDES SHOULD BE VERY VISIBLE)
(xWebSiteDevelopment)PC think about what (Kinda most simple possible word about de ELECTROD mech)+) We do call it de ground
(xWebSiteDevelopment)How is my pc grounded do i need to separate ground of my pc? Lets try now! 2 sides HM What is gonna happen lets see!
(xWebSiteDevelopment)Wrong exercise completion what is it?)+) We
(xPhysicsOlympics)Right task completion how are we gonna do it? (Kinda end matters not de start)+) First part we are gonna use ends of de file-names not de starts
(xPhysicsOlympics)About de practical parts what parts are they + description?)+) First part is de science PART, Programming PART is de PC
(xPhysicsOlympics)How do we recheck de eyes no-comfort (Side parts)?)+) We are gonna use front-left-right
(xPhysicsOlympics)GOLDEN GOLDEN GOLDEN GOLDEN GOLDEN part do not use too much brain CYCLE SHOULD STOP LIKE DE EYES BLOCK BUT DE MIND?)+) We do stop de cycle with de careafull good thougt plus may use de cross power
(xPhysicsOlympics)LENGTH tasks solutions what trick used (2 tricks) (CodeWordHere, Equality for)+) We do use Math Blocks and de Encapsulation! 
(xPhysicsOlympics)GOLDEN GOLDEN GOLDEN GOLDEN GOLDEN So is it true we are gonna train encapsulation both in math and de physics(seems so)?)+) Yes we are gonna practise both
(xPhysicsOlympics)VERY GOLDEN VERY GOLDEN VERY GOLDEN GOLDEN GOLDEN How de eyes gonna work great with de new info(Working Space Intellectual Line of de Sight)?)+) Simply eyes gonna watch de most important parts so de freedom of de imagination gonna be epic good BLOCKS PRACTISE
(xPhysicsOlympics)Why do we go to de practise mode?(Mix kinda))+)It is harder to implement theory much easier layer it is! 
(x3DengineCreation)Firsly to not lose de pic how should we work with de RGB? (Same same same)+) We do simply add same or subtract de same amount!
(x3DengineCreation)Second thing coming into mind valuable how to work with de colors IF ELSE statements?(Kinda point we do watch around))+) Find de color on de role. color change to de another one and do it with de whole pic
(x3DengineCreation)How to find de image resolution in de Windows?(Another tab))+) Details thingy
(x3DengineCreation)How to make de thingy not to be rendered? What 1 thing we do need for sure (AR quality apps do love dat a lot)?)+) Contrast of de colors 
(x3DengineCreation)(OFC THEY DO ROCK AGAIN) What is gonna be de next step to create de great images (about many many small points)?)+) I bet we do need many many small color changers very precise to make de photo greater! + Some precise patterns
(xIdea)TRY TO GOLDEN TRY TO GOLDEN TRY TO GOLDEN TRY TO GOLDEN TRY TO GOLDEN How to implement de new real-life thingy? 1 angl to do? (Just go like in de real life eyes cross-fire (im not sure is it gonna be okey to focus 1 point after CROSS SO)))+) We do simply draw objects 3D unity FORMS all steps need to do in de real life NUMBER MARKS 
While train analyze de angles of it. 
(xIdea)TRY TO GOLDEN TRY TO GOLDEN TRY TO GOLDEN TRY TO GOLDEN game 1 hour possible OKEY + a bit of relaxation contrast there nice 3D real life feeling model + prepare for de real mouse pad
(xIdea)2 previous points might make a combo do they? Why?)+) Ye possibly to modify de study of de Unity VR AR! Speed experience of some hard cool timings (With de secure limits)
(xSins)What have i seen kinda epic cool about de, guy who had his head slayed had no sins in his eyes and worked too hard for achieve de not sin mechanics did he?)+) Yes he did
(xMathOlympics)How do we call de thing professor did teach us from de 9th century (Kinda factorial What is de factorial anyway)?)+) Factorial is much easier thingy - kinda multiply 1 by 1 to de number of drom de number to 1. Factrorization main question do talk about ye simply de change A = b + c (Best for de blocks of logic)
(xMathOlympics)How do we easily proof triple quadra points)+) We do simply multiply 1 by 1 parts in de parenthesis
(xSins)First thing after de sin date what have i seen? (Small points of de universe where))+)Unique universe code inside de human body enough uniqueness for EACH BODY OF DE HUMS! 
(xMathOlympics)How do we easily proof with de nTh power point trick? (division by h only 1 what))+)Only 1 did left all we do need it was de right one! (all others were possible to divide with de h) (It says it is not de perfect solution)

Day13.
(3Dengingecreation)Point about de 3D unity complexety of de illusion point different points is it de same of de 3D angles kinda? Why (Another point increasing de 2D impact))+) Ye different points are de same if we got our model places 360 degrees it is moving at de point of time like de 2D
(xIdea)Golden Golden Golden Golden Golden Golden Might be not golden eye point of balance of de body angel, change de balance point! Closer bulki!
(3Dengingecreation)What de 3D model might be in de whole concept (Kinda double) +) It is about de 3D equals to 2D illusion
(3Dengingecreation)What about de lowest timings 3D model(Kinda of course what else even de lowest timings double moves are equal to de double function!)
(3Dengingecreation)Lets go and do more coding why?)+) To implement de strats + have something to show (Anyways not proven formulas not real + to easy formulas shouldn't matter)
(3Dengingecreation)What else gonna be cool to make in de small points universe stars philosophy (Mini-what not monty?)+) De mini-games 
(3Dengingecreation)Point about de coordinate system for de scene of de 2D engine (3d)
(3Dengingecreation)Let's write 3D engine differently how (kinda another point first + small  sign)?)+) 2D engine (3d)
(3Dengingecreation)What do we multiply when we do move de object 2 parts?)+) Top points of de object to de Matrix of de precise move
(3Dengingecreation)What do we add for de simplicity of de work NUMBER 4?)+)4th coordinate odnorodnost odnorodnost
(3Dengingecreation)What is de size of dat matrix? Kinda not standart 3x3 with de some values inside (Kinda Jeep wheels))+) 4x4 is de size
(xIdea)Golden Golden Golden Golden Golden Golden might be Try of de right execution eye + zhopka angle how (First what)?)+)Eye dan move leg to de eye 
(3Dengingecreation)How to import everything out of de file in de python (Like de css symbol on de top to change it in de bottom of css, cuz it reads bottom priority)+) Asterisk sign * from x import asterisk sign!
(3Dengingecreation)Python how do we call constructor of de class? (kinda like de struct in de Swift de same)+) We do call it de _ _ init _ _
(3Dengingecreation)What do we put in for it to work and how do we use this (kinda another word prefire)?)+)We do set it in constructor and give de values to it inside
(3Dengingecreation)Vertex Edges Faces what is it? Kinda not obvious)+) Vershini Rebra Grani
(xIdea)(Not sure static mind 100% gonna work) How is it possible to make thinking process infinite in de small points universe? (Kinda LEGO)+)Always do build something of de small points like 3+ if possible is okey
(xIdea)(What possibility might be possible to increase de memory thingy?)+)Im not sure about de other brain functions like de 3D VR set imagination or changing de hand work HMMM 
(xIdea)(Idea about de passive hand addition work thinking not sure what?)+)Not sure it is gonna affect de memory process right now
(3Dengingecreation)More detailed Edges and Faces, (watch it kinda lines in de 3d, become de points, figures become faces)+) Ye we need to change de retrospective of de position observation
(xIdea)(Another memory idea only points to de points explanations or half or 30% lets try a bit?+) Ye lets try a bit!
(3Dengingecreation)What are we gonna probably change for de Engine first to make some additions or to research?)+) We are gonna use de matrix multiplication
(xIdea)(Why might be de learning going so well(2d addition vision) or may be simply always pic in de head of de thinking part?)+) It might be because of de parallel hard thinking how to programm 2D memory kinda got some pressure
(3Dengingecreation)How do we number de points in de Python 3D model in de matrix (Face by face)?)+) From left to right scene model, bottom to top
(xIdea)(What to do on de math chemists lesson i dont know if any good?(Synchro mind process))+)Imagine you do
(xPhysicsOlympics)(What do make me better provodnik probably?)+)De water on de floor
(xIdea)(VR 3D what to make first in de 2D engine (3D) of de unity?(Kinda important for de 2D 3D development))+) Scenario for de point, press de button or smth special place, we need to prepare de precise unity button engine programm 

